DOC Add linear models, pickle docs and general improvements (#14)
wphicks/cuml: docs/source/zero-code-change-limitations.rst

> ``sklearn.kernel_ridge.KernelRidge``

Reviewer: We should probably remove KernelRidge entirely, but we can do that in a follow-up.

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> Kernel Ridge in cuML is a CuPy-based that matches Scikit-learn implementation quite close,

Reviewer: Missing word after `CuPy-based`?

    uses Numba callables to implement this feature. Better compatibility with general
    callables is a work in progress. If you have special interest in a specific callable,
    it would be highly benefitial if you raise an issue in the repo so the RAPIDS team
    can work on it and prioritize it.
* cuML's KernelRidge only implements dense inputs currently, so cuml.accel offers no
    acceleration for sparse inputs to model training.

``sklearn.linear_model.LinearRegression``
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Linear Regression is one of the simpler estimators, where functionality and results
between cuML.accel and Scikit-learn will be quite close, with the following
limitations:

* multi-output target is not currently supported.
* ``positive`` parameter to force positive coefficents is not currently supported,
  and cuml.accel will not accelerate Linear Regression if the parameter is set to
  ``True``
* cuML's Linear Regression only implements dense inputs currently, so cuml.accel offers no
    acceleration for sparse inputs to model training.

Another important consideration is that unlike more complex models, like manifold

> or clustering algorithms, are quite efficient and fast to run. Even on larger

Reviewer: Missing word before `are`?

> datasets, the execution time can many times be measured in seconds, so taking that

Reviewer: ```suggestion
datasets, the execution time can often be measured in seconds, so taking that
```
